WE ARE MISSING...

1. A way to announce winner of an auction once the auction ends.

2. Checkout implementation. Should ask user for ccard to be used, and address where items are to be shipped to (get/set 
    primary address and ccard?)

3. Place order implementation. Create sale, invoice, invoicecontent entries, empty cart, decrement product quantity by 
    the quantity just bought (products table). Do not allow buying more than is available.
    
4. Some seller page (catalog) buttons: remove product, update product, add products...

5. [OK] Rate user form. 5-star-based. Calculate rating % and show in seller page. User can't self-rate. That's cheating.
    Then again they can create fake accounts. Sigh. Oh-- VERIFY IP ADDRESS!! Nah, too much work. And they can still use 
    different computers. NINJA FACE SCAN USING WEBCAM!! (okay, maybe some other day).

6. A way to view the current bids on a particular item. Should probably be in product page. Hide if product is not in 
    auction.

7. One-click buy (I guess this DOES require a primary address and ccard). Should at least show an alert ("Are you 
    ABSOLUTELY sure you want to buy this product? Quick summary: [Item][Total][primAddress][primCard] There is no going 
    back D:"). It will be an on-steroids version of placeOrder() without the step-by-step process. Actually, it WILL be 
    placeOrder() WITHOUT the checkout sequence.

9. [OK] A way for users to see sellers' catalogs. (Basically catalogpage but with buy/bid-on buttons instead of update and 
    remove ones);
    
10. List of user bids should probably show both your bid and the highest current bid.

11. Sorting and searching of browse page.

12. Ratings page.

13. Sales page should only show your sales as a seller, unless you're an admin (and so you can see everything).


KNOWN ISSUES...

1. Sometimes clicking back will leave you in limbo (particularly when managing ccards and addresses)

2. Sometimes user avatar will be briefly shown between pages (linked to the previous one)

3. Login button doesn't always show the login popup

4. Sometimes buttons lose their... button-ness after the first time you see them


STUFF TO THINK ABOUT...

1. [Delete product] If a product is removed from products, should all entries containing the pid in carts, bids and 
    auction be removed?

2. [Place bid][Add to cart] Should sellers be allowed to buy or bid on their own items? (I guess it really doesn't make 
    a difference since they can create fake accounts anyway. Sigh.)

3. [Place order] If after placing an order that leaves a product's quantity == 0, should product be hidden in browse 
    (so that sellers can later restock same item without having to fill out the form again) or should it be removed 
    completely from products table?

4. [Ratings] Will ratings be anonymous? Users shouldn't be able to rate seller more than once, but can edit the rating 
    if they change their mind. Only ratings from verified purchases can be accepted.
